Update README.md (#193)
napari/packaging: README.md

# packaging - conda-based napari installers

[![tests](https://github.com/napari/packaging/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/napari/packaging/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
[![tests_ui](https://github.com/napari/packaging/actions/workflows/tests_ui.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/napari/packaging/actions/workflows/tests_ui.yml)

**Important: This repo is used by napari core maintainers.**

## Description

This repository stores the tools (CI pipelines and helper scripts) needed to create **conda-based**
napari installers for Linux, macOS and Windows. It uses the [constructor](https://github.com/conda/constructor)
tool which allows [constructing an installer](https://conda.github.io/constructor/) for a collection
of conda packages.

## Documentation

You can find more information in the following resources:

* [Napari docs about packaging](https://napari.org/dev/developers/coredev/packaging.html)

> * [Napari docs about creating installers using this repo and the constructor tool](https://napari.org/0.4.17/developers/packaging.html#constructor-based-installers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Napari docs about creating installers using this repo and the constructor tool](https://napari.org/stable/developers/coredev/packaging.html#installers)
```
Let's point to stable docs.

> * [NAP-2: Distributing napari with conda-based packaging](https://napari.org/dev/naps/2-conda-based-packaging.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [NAP-2: Distributing napari with conda-based packaging](https://napari.org/stable/naps/2-conda-based-packaging.html)
```
I think for the NAP we can just use stable docs.
